feat: Added new grouping documentation (#1047)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/collections/_documentation/data-management/rollups.md

The following example will just completely overwrite Sentry's grouping by omitting `{% raw %}{{ default }}{% endraw %}` from the array:

{% include components/platform_content.html content_dir='fingerprint-database-connection-example' %}

## Grouping Algorithm Versioning

> When a Sentry project is created the latest and greatest version of the grouping algorithm is automatically selected.  However we will improve the grouping system going forward but only new projects will see these improvements not to create new groups for you.  If you do want to upgrade an existing project to a new grouping algorithm version you can do so in the project settings.  Note taht you can only upgrade.  To downgrade you will need to contract customer support.

Reviewer: Type in "Note taht"

Author: ```suggestion
When a Sentry project is created the latest and greatest version of the grouping algorithm is automatically selected.  However we will improve the grouping system going forward but only new projects will see these improvements not to create new groups for you.  If you do want to upgrade an existing project to a new grouping algorithm version you can do so in the project settings.  Note that you can only upgrade.  To downgrade you will need to contract customer support.
```

> When a Sentry project is created the latest and greatest version of the grouping algorithm is automatically selected.  However we will improve the grouping system going forward but only new projects will see these improvements not to create new groups for you.  If you do want to upgrade an existing project to a new grouping algorithm version you can do so in the project settings.  Note that you can only upgrade.  To downgrade you will need to contract customer support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are constantly improving the grouping algorithm so that you don't need to see more issues than there really is.
When a Sentry project is created the latest and greatest version of the grouping algorithm is automatically selected.  However the next versions of grouping algorithm won't be applied to the projects automatically since the changes in the algorithm may generate different groups than you are used to. 
If you do want to upgrade an existing project to a new grouping algorithm version you can do so in the project settings.  Note that you can only upgrade.  
To downgrade you will need to contract customer support.
```

## Grouping Enhancements and Server Side Fingerprinting

> When the default grouping does not yield satisfying results there are ways in which grouping can be influenced from the server through grouping enhancements and server side fingerprinting.

Reviewer: You need to scroll down to learn more about the fingerprinting enhancements. What about to mention in high level in this introduction what about the enhancements are. Something like this: "With Grouping enhancements you can decide what data from stack trace will be used for grouping. With the fingerprinting enhancements you can define your own groups based on the stack trace data , exception value or message."

### Grouping Enhancements

Grouping enhancements are used to improve the stack trace based grouping. If

> stack traces are used for grouping the enhancements rules are used to influence

Reviewer: "rules are used to influence .." should it be that the rules "can influence"?

  `path` apply (eg: this is an absolute path typically).
- `app`: matches on the current state of the in-app flag. `yes` means the frame is in app, `no` means it's not.
- An expression can be quoted if necessary (eg: spaces are included)

There are two types of **actions**: flag setting and setting variables.

- **flag**: flags are what is to be done if all matchers match. a flag needs to be prefixed with `+` to set
  it or `-` to unset it. If this expression is prefixed with a `^` it applies to frames above (eg:
  towards the crash) the frame, if prefixed with `v` it applies to frames below
  (eg: away from the crash). For instance `-group ^-group` removes the matching frame
  and all frames above from the grouping.
  - `app`: marks or unmarks a frame in-app
  - `group`: adds or removes a frame from grouping
- **variables**: additionally variables can be set (`variable=value`). Currently there is just one:
  - `max-frames`: sets the total number of frames to be considered for grouping.
    The default is `0` which means "all frames". If set to `3` only the top
    3 frames are considered.

If a line is prefixed with a hash (`#`) it's a comment and ignored

> #### Examples

Reviewer: Can we provide the example also with the stack trace? So that we can visualise how the rules are applied.

Author: Can you elaborate what you mean here?
